Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
And then we're gonna have a look at butchering this code,
which is now complete for the profit by sales bod using all of the shell of this code to do
the profit by category.
So I'm going to do.
First off is I'm going to copy all of this code and paste it above the code that we have in
that one.
So I'm just gonna hit control and seat coming here his centre a few times.
And there we have the outs,
the pivot table,
which is this block of code just here.
So let me just delete a second so we can see that in the same window.
Now,
the only difference we need to make here.
We had sheet three R three c one,
but in this modified code,
we pasted to the active sheet because we've newly created Sheen said range a 23.
Now what I want to do is pay salad d 23 so it lines up still online 23.
It's gonna be a column D on the pivot table 11 Doesn't particularly matter,
Cus,
we're going to rename it here anyway,
so that get rid of that block off code.
Now you'll remember that the only difference other than where we're paste in the sheet was
this word here on this word here.
So what I'm gonna do is copy category and paste it over this word here so that essentially
now replaces this block of code on this adds the values.
Was this thing just here?
Now we can see that we call this profit by sales,
but we always in need to change that because we want to call it profit by category.
So this block of code we can delete.
Okay,
so now we're gonna call this profit by will call it proft by cat because that's more or
less descriptive.
So profit by cat there.
We just need to replace all the references of proft by sales bond to profit by cat.
That's not going to select the category.
So that's good.
So this is gonna be profit by cats.
We'll find out if I missed any when we actually run through the code and executed.
So replace that replace.
That's Andi.
Replace that.
So what I'm gonna do,
shrink that down a little bit on?
Hopefully we'll be able to see that working in here?
I'm gonna delete cheat for yes,
indeed.
So we will select the source sheet,
which is this one?
Just here.
Come ride the way up to the top two hour run order lips I forgot to add in the name of the
subroutine profit by cells,
but profit by categories.
Some coffee and Matt.
That's why I run order Way up,
That's up.
We know everything up to this point work.
So I'm just going to click on here,
hit debug and hit runs A curse that boom,
boom,
boom Boom on.
That's where we're up to.
So I'm gonna come back here f eight.
And now we're gonna add another one using the same data source,
but pace into the active sheet range D 23.
There is a code.
So we're now going to do the category thing.
So there goes our castle,
wrist,
clothing,
groceries and household.
We're going to do that.
Which is gonna add in the values we are now going to change the road ahead that we don't We
met.
Save sales person One.
That's a category category on when we click off weaken F eight.
No,
it's called category.
We're going to do the range E 24 not be 24.
So e 24 that's the beauty in executing code one line at a time.
You can actually study what it's doing and pick up any errors that you've made.
So there's the converted to currency and here we go.
They should know source.
So clothing should commit to top.
Hair sold should be second,
and grocery should be sad.
Okay,
so that didn't work because I missed one.
I forgot to change the category here with sales person,
which was here,
so let's just stop.
I'm gonna delete that.
We're just going to run it through away again.
So delete.
Okay,
select source data sheet.
Right The way up to the top and a moderately sure that's gonna work.
So I'm just gonna hit play,
but mumble mumble on.
There you go.
No,
that works perfectly.
So that's the beauty of using f a two.
Step through your code.
You can spot where something is going to go wrong.
So our report is coming together.
Next,
we're gonna have a look at what will be on next.
I think we were on I think we're on the ad commentary were on the ad commentary,
which is her colossal piece of code.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next.
Like to where we'll look at tidying that up in streamlining it.
That Okay,
I'll see you there.